feat(config): Add optional filename attribute (#180)
EdJoPaTo/website-stalker: README.md

    ignore_error: true
```

#### `filename`

Overrides the URL based default filename of the site.

> This example would be named `de-edjopato-api-token-0123456789-action-hack-20the-20planet.html` but instead is saved as `de-edjopato-api-planet-hack.html`.

Reviewer: Add an empty line in between to have a single first explaining sentence then a more in depth explanation.

```suggestion

Normally the filename is automatically derived from the url.
For the following example it would be something like `de-edjopato-api-token-0123456789-action-hack-20the-20planet.html`.
With the `filename` options it is saved as `de-edjopato-api-planet-hack.html` instead.
```
